---
layout: post
title: Some ideas for 1.0.0 release
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 12 May 2009, Karel Klíč

A lot of work must be done before the application can be presented to general audience, and the time for this project is limited, therefore features and goals must be carefully selected and correctly ordered. 

Today I have been thinking on when I consider this project done, and what keeps me motivated to finish it. I realized that I must work on what fulfills __my__ needs to keep myself interested in a free work, and that idea formed some dos and don'ts for Wikt 1.0.0, which I consider as the final release, after which I'll focus on something else. 

Here is a list of things removed from wish list, with some notes.

* Help system will not be implemented, as it is a lot of effort to do it right, and my English skills are not good enough for that.
* Microsoft Windows operating system will not be supported. It's a lot of work: testing, installation process, cross-compilation. Someone else can do it.
* Automake, autoconf will not be supported. I use only the Qt libraries, and qmake handles the build process well.
* RPM packages will not be created. I do not know how to do them. Someone will contribute when interested.

* No entry clustering in Format5 (compression). It would lead to smaller dictionary size, but Wikt works without it. Let's do it later.
* Although it's easy to implement it, no printing support.

* No support for multiple dictionaries, and no support for any dictionary other than English. That is version 2.0 feature. A lot of effort will be necessary.
