---
layout: post
title: Wikt 0.15.0 released
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

p(meta). 13 May 2009, Karel Klíč

Wikt 0.15.0 is a development release. It is a work in progress -- definitely not suitable for end users.

This is the first release that allows to create the media pack with pronounciation audio files and images. The media pack occupies 3.8 gigabytes.

Many parser bugs were fixed in this release, and there are many new user-facing changes.

h2. Bug Fixes
* Fixed the "stadiums" entry, where the error was caused by bad interpretation of "Template:plural of", which contained a link inside a link as a parameter in template call. Template argument parser improperly parsed [[[[link a]] link b]].
* Paragraph parser now detects beginning of a table and closes the paragraph (entry "carr#Irish").
* Table cell parser now recognizes links with parameters on first line of a cell (entry "carr#Irish", "Appendix:Variations of "a"").
* Category processing now handles various links well. Entry "myslet" does not list "Category:Czech verbs" twice. The entry contains links [[Category:Czech verbs]] and [[Category: Czech verbs]].
* Fixed parsing of lists: when a list item line is followed by a line that (after any number of whitespaces) contains a category link, that line with category link is considered as a part of list item (for example see definition list in "stadia"). This is not logical, but let's follow the Way of MediaWiki.

h2. New Features 
* New "Media Packer" tool packs all media files to a single file.
* Optional visibility of sections such as Etymology, Translations, Inflections, and Anagrams.
* Cherokee language supported in interwiki. Added another seven localized names for languages to interwiki support.
* Copy text to clipboard, cut, paste works with Ctrl+C, Ctrl+X, Ctrl+V.
* Page search (Ctrl+F). Design took from Firefox; it's the best way of text searching I know.
